I've been watching you for three years.
I'm not afraid of anything.
He knew he was in trouble, but he couldn't give up.
He was encouraged by his boss.
He said he could buy a house with money.
He worked hard for three years.
He saved 18 ryo.
He brought 15 ryo from home.
He said he couldn't buy a house with money.
But he said he could buy a house with 15 ryo.
He worked hard for three years.
He saved 15 ryo.
But I'm not a good man.
I can't work long.
I don't know if I'm a good man or a bad man.
If I meet you, I'll hit you.
Please say one word.
I'm not happy.
This is my lifelong wish.
I'm sorry.
He cried.
On the other side, he spoke with stable manner.
With his mouth closed, he forgot what he had said.
The person banged him,DIBK Nevada,
was thrown his colored position,
he touched SMS more firmly.
Is that true?
If your words are true,
I will cut your eyebrows and brush your teeth next March.
Please do it.
Oh, thank you.